Background
A course in big company has branch offices The spread Many Places. The branch office would have a need for a review of mutual relation with each other with the word OR lying One definitely requires Relationship WITH PLACES Others.
IN times of the Home Computer Network Solutions Commonly used WITH Building Networks is privately That connects entire branch office OR Places THERE WITH OR The so-called Wide Area Network (WAN).
Searching Google Articles growing Internet Network Solutions Yang MORE efficient process is the establishment of private networks through public networks known Frequently WITH VPN (Virtual Private Network). Such networks form of Singer Needs A Good Security System so that the private network can NOT be accessed by unauthorized users.

Discussion
Virtual Private Network OR VPN Are A Private Networks Made WITH using Network public, OR with words lying One creates WAN truth is separately Good Operating him physically and shrinkage and thus Operates logical form One netwok single, packet data The flows between sites as well as from users who do will experience the remote AKSes encryption and authentication to ensure security, data integrity and validity.
More, he explained, is a VPN Connection A Virtual Private That is why it is called so because basically this is not ADA Operating Network Physical Form Only Network virtual private BECAUSE And why it is called a singer Network The Network is private Yang NOT ALL orangutan can access it. VPN Network Connecting PC WITH OR public Internet but are private, personal BECAUSE NOT ALL orangutan can then be connected Ke Singer Dan Network access it.
CONCLUSION
Virtual Private Network (VPN) connection is A virtual / virtual private Yang Yang NOT ALL orangutan can access it. VPN has 3 functions Main functions hearts Security data Namely, the secret (Confidentiality of Data), Data Integrity (Integrity of Data) and Origin Authentication (Authentication Source). Related WORK WITH how VPN, VPN can be WORKING WITH Require Server as a liaison between the client. When accessing client data, request the State to be encrypted first PT WORKS OF HUMAN SON By BEFORE Sent VPN Client VPN Server, encrypted Eg WITH A formula so that the request of the data will be Contains Codes. The taxable income Up to VPN Server, the Data Server By dideskripsi WITH formula A, BECAUSE previously Already configured WITH BETWEEN Server client, then the server will have algorit The same for review read AN encryption. Also so conversely From Server To Client.
Suggestion
Expected shown to the reader in order to provide Suggestions That Build Good From the aspect of systematic and The View of the contents, taxable income can read the paper may be helpful Singer For Authors And Readers
